content/bookshelf.md, before:

+++
date = "2015-09-05T13:59:16-07:00"
draft = true
title = "Bookshelf"

+++

I read a great many books

I have discovered many of my favorite books from other people posting their favorite books.
Here I continue the process, listing some books that I have enjoyed.

### [Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality](http://hpmor.com)

by LessWrong aka Eliezer Yudkowsky

The most highly rated Harry Potter fanfiction, and, in my opinion, somewhat better than canon Harry Potter.

If you still don't like it after chapter 10 give up.

### [Worm](http://parahumans.wordpress.com/)

by: Wildbow
*Worm* is exceptionally long, ~1,750,000 word, and can be quite violent.
That said, it is *excellent*, and I at least, have enjoyed it very much.


### [To The Stars](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7406866/1/To-the-Stars)

By: Hieronym

A hard SF fan fiction of
[Puella Magi Madoka Magica](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puella_Magi_Madoka_Magica),
a deconstraction of the
[Mahō Shōjo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magical_girl) genre.

It contains such passages as:

>"So how much of your primary consciousness is with us today?" Homura asked of Yuma, as Mami pulled the lid off the pot and starting hastily dropping in the soup ingredients.

>"Seventy‐three percent!" Yuma announced proudly. "It's a special occasion."

>"Seventy‐three, huh?" Kyouko repeated, sounding bored. "And what's the other twenty‐seven doing at a time like this, oh Public Order Representative?"

>"Among other things, installing selective attention deficit scripts into the new generation of surveillance drones," Yuma said.

And,

>Kyouko coughed on her noodles, spraying food in front of her in a rather ugly fashion, before the food in question automatically deleted itself, eliminating the spray, plate of chilled noodles, and whatever was in Kyouko's illusory windpipe. A moment later the plate rematerialized in front of her, with a fresh set of noodles.

### [Ra](http://qntm.org/ra)

### [Luminosity](http://luminous.elcenia.com/)

by Alicorn

### [Three Worlds Colide](http://lesswrong.com/lw/y4/three_worlds_collide_08/)

by Eliezer Yudkowsky

Which is better, to blow up the solar system, killing 95% of all humans, or for all humans to finally be truly happy?

### Kim by Rudyard Kipling</h3></li>


[Friendship is Optimal](http://www.fimfiction.net/story/62074/friendship-is-optimal)

by: Iceman

A Transhumanist My Little Ponies fanfiction in a similar, but happier vein to Three Worlds Collide.
Instead of empathetic aliens making human super happy, Princes Celeste will to fulfill your values, through friendship and ponies.

Commit message:

More pages and the page content type in layouts.

content/bookshelf.md, after:

+++
date = "2015-09-05T13:59:16-07:00"
draft = true
title = "Bookshelf"
tags = ["books","links"]
type = "page"
+++

I read a great many books

I have discovered many of my favorite books from other people posting their favorite books.
Here I continue the process listing some books that I have enjoyed.

### [Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality](http://hpmor.com)

by LessWrong aka Eliezer Yudkowsky

The most highly rated Harry Potter fanfiction, and, in my opinion, somewhat better than canon Harry Potter.

If you still don't like it after chapter 10 give up.

### [Worm](http://parahumans.wordpress.com/)

by: Wildbow

*Worm* is exceptionally long, ~1,750,000 word, and can be quite violent.
That said, it is *excellent*, and I at least, have enjoyed it very much.


### [To The Stars](https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7406866/1/To-the-Stars)

By: Hieronym

A hard SF fan fiction of
[Puella Magi Madoka Magica](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puella_Magi_Madoka_Magica),
a deconstraction of the
[Mahō Shōjo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magical_girl) genre.

It contains such passages as:

>"So how much of your primary consciousness is with us today?" Homura asked of Yuma, as Mami pulled the lid off the pot and starting hastily dropping in the soup ingredients.

>"Seventy‐three percent!" Yuma announced proudly. "It's a special occasion."

>"Seventy‐three, huh?" Kyouko repeated, sounding bored. "And what's the other twenty‐seven doing at a time like this, oh Public Order Representative?"

>"Among other things, installing selective attention deficit scripts into the new generation of surveillance drones," Yuma said.

And,

>Kyouko coughed on her noodles, spraying food in front of her in a rather ugly fashion, before the food in question automatically deleted itself, eliminating the spray, plate of chilled noodles, and whatever was in Kyouko's illusory windpipe. A moment later the plate rematerialized in front of her, with a fresh set of noodles.

### [Ra](http://qntm.org/ra)

by: Sam Hughes

>Magic is real.

>Discovered in the 1970s, magic is now a bona fide field of engineering. There's magic in heavy industry and magic in your home. It's what's next after electricity.

### [Luminosity](http://luminous.elcenia.com/)

by Alicorn

### [Three Worlds Colide](http://lesswrong.com/lw/y4/three_worlds_collide_08/)

by Eliezer Yudkowsky

Which is better, to blow up the solar system, killing 95% of all humans, or for all humans to finally be truly happy?

### Kim by Rudyard Kipling</h3></li>


[Friendship is Optimal](http://www.fimfiction.net/story/62074/friendship-is-optimal)

by: Iceman

A Transhumanist My Little Ponies fanfiction in a similar, but happier vein to Three Worlds Collide.
Instead of empathetic aliens making human super happy, Princes Celeste will to fulfill your values, through friendship and ponies.
