content/virtual.md, before:

+++
Description = ""
date = "2015-09-16T15:46:44-07:00"
draft = false
menu = "main"
title = "Virtual Creations"
type = "page"

+++


## Web design
See [Meta](/meta).

# Network graphs
The igraph R package makes it easy to generate network graphs from various sources.

Anytime there is data of the form:

| thing1 | thing2 |
| :----: |:------:|
| foo    | quaks  |
| bar    | foo    |
| baz    | bar    |
| quaks  | foo    |

one can generate a network graph from it.
If the data is anything other then random, (and perhaps even then) it will make interesting pictures.

## Wireshark

Using wireshark to show who's talking to who on the network


# Person Data

801 404 8259
The original data set: http://wiki.dbpedia.org/Downloads2015-04
## Download

You can download the full resolution renders below. Warning! The 2^14 renders are 50-60 MB each. They may use 3+ GB of RAM and/or crash you image viewer when you try to display them. They do have the advantage that you can zoom in far enough read the names.


##### Kamada Kawai algorithm using 500 names rendered at 5000 x 5000. 8.9 MB
https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/content-isaacleonard.com/person-names-kk.png

##### Fruchterman Reingold algorithm using 500 names rendered at 5000 x 5000. 7.4 MB
https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/content-isaacleonard.com/person-names-fr.png

##### Kamada Kawai algorithm using 20,000 names rendered at 2^14 x 2^14. 64MB
https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/content-isaacleonard.com/person-names-kk-14-20000.png

##### Fruchterman Reingold algorithm using 20,000 names rendered at 2^14 x 2^14. 47MB
https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/content-isaacleonard.com/person-names-fr-14-20000.png

As a derivative work of creative commons data, these images are likewise released under creative commons.
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

Commit message:

Many small fixes to pages, added more pictures to persondata.md

content/virtual.md, after:

+++
Description = ""
date = "2015-09-16T15:46:44-07:00"
draft = false
menu = "main"
title = "Virtual Creations"
type = "page"

+++


## Web design
See [Meta](/meta).

## Network graphs
The igraph R package makes it easy to generate network graphs from various sources.

Anytime there is data of the form:

| thing1 | thing2 |
| :----: |:------:|
| foo    | quaks  |
| bar    | foo    |
| baz    | bar    |
| quaks  | foo    |

one can generate a network graph from it.
If the data is anything other then random, (and perhaps even then) it will make interesting pictures.

An example of such a network graph with relatively few points.

![Network graph of the relationships between Fate/Zero characters](/images/fate-zero-characters-relations.png)

## Wireshark

Using Wireshark to show who's talking to whom on the network.
![Network graph of IP packets as captured by Wireshark](/images/wireshark-ethernet-traffic.png)

## Person data

Network graph showing the connections between names based on people who had them.

Full writeup at [/persondata](/persondata)
